I caught you.
Um... What...
I saw you looking.
Do you want to sign up?
Oh.
No. Uh...
I'm not qualified.
Or I'm just not really
12-week challenge material.
That could change.
Are you a student or staff?
I'm a...MS-1. yeah.
Hana.
-I'm Alanya.
-Oh.
This is all for my psych MA.
Oh. so you're looking for
guinea pigs.
What are you saying? You...you
don't want to be my guinea pig?
No.
Um. well. may...
Maybe?
-..maybe.
Maybe leaning towards a yes?
Maybe depending on the
scientific rigour of the study.
Hmm.
Well. why don't you come by
and find out?
Mortui vivos docent.
The dead teach the living.
For the next 12 weeks.
these generous donors
will be your teachers
and your first patients.
You'll have the opportunity
to honour their lives
at semester's end.
But until then.
let's remember to proceed
with dignity and care.
Oh. we got a hefty one.
Stop.
Let's start with
our first incision
down the sternum.
My eyes are burning
from the fumes already.
Now. remember the
scalpels are extremely sharp.
When you handle them. you'll
please do so handles first.
Remember. hold the scalpel
as you would a pencil.
Loose but firm.
Shit.
Let's hope for the sake
of your future patients
that the rest of you
have a more delicate touch
than Miss Hitching here.
I got it. It's OK.
Yeah.
Happy birthday. baby!
Thanks. Nikki!
This is for you. birthday girl.
Oh.
Strictly speaking.
it is a re-gift.
What is it?
Do you lack all self-control
with your phone?
Then let this Phone Jail Cell
help you out.
Oh. I don't know.
How does it work?
-Push it up.
-Oh. like this.
No. no. no. no. no!
This re-gift
has backfired.
OK. um. don't panic.
but I think that girl's
checking you out.
The hot one at the bar.
She keeps looking at you.
You should go for it.
Go for what?
Don't get all pissy.
Come on.
you're always talking about
how you're all theory.
no practice.
It's like you're waiting
for an invitation
to some kind of
initiation party.
Come on. Jose.
I'm not. I'm not waiting.
Well. then
here's your chance.
To put your theories
into practice.
Fine.
I need the bathroom.
-Oh!
-Oh. you are such a tease!
I really thought
this was initiation day.
Hana.
How have you been?
Good.
I've been good.
How about you?
How many years has it been?
Oh. my God. Melissa!
-Yeah.
-Hi!
Hi.
Ohhh.
I...I know.
There's something
different about me.
You were really nice
to me in high school.
A lot of people weren't.
A lot of people
were assholes.
You can ask. you know.
What?
How I lost the weight.
It's not that impressive.
There's these new pills
called Gray.
A supplement.
It's kinda pricey. but it makes
you drop the weight like crazy.
Gray?
It's not TGA-approved.
Strictly speaking.
I was dubious too. but then
I started taking the pills
and no matter what I ate.
the weight just melted off.
Do you want to try one?
I don't really take. uh...
Do you remember this girl?
The girl that had bloody pads
shoved in her bag?
She doesn't exist anymore.
I'm a completely new person
and it's thanks to those pills.
I'll take it back.
Take this one tomorrow.
My treat.
And tell me if you notice
a difference.
It works that fast?
You'd be surprised.
Here we are!
Oh. no.
-There you go.
-Oh. yes.
Cheers. queers!
Cheers!
Shit.
Do you know what baffles me?
How many people
stereotype fat people.
Your girl is fat. yes.
But your girl is
gainfully employed.
I am capable. I am switched on.
Hey. it's Mackenzie here.
and it is challenge time.
Potato masher challenge.
Take one. Here we go.
It hurts.
Oh. shit!
This might be
my favourite ab routine
I've ever done.
And just a reminder that
this is what a real woman
looks like.
The reason why
you can't lose the weight.
why it just stays on.
is because you can't stop--
I just tried
the potato masher challenge
and you would not believe...
I can't help but notice
some people
are not using
the potato masher correctly.
So I thought I would just jump
on and show you how it's done.
Hope this helps.
I'm about to launch
my 12-week challenge.
If you've been wanting to build
some solid habits...
..this is for you.
You're gonna meet
some amazing people
who will keep you motivated
and accountable the whole time.
You are out of control.
No. you are out of control!
Dad?
Mom?
Hana-chan! Happy birthday!
No flour. no sugar.
I used beetroot instead.
No butter.
Can you tell?
It's yummy.
You don't like it?
No. no. no. It's good.
You are too smart
to be this stupid.
10 bucks says it's just speed.
No. I'm hoping it's something
a little more run-of-the-mill.
Seriously. though. I mean. this
is all just. like. a bit gross.
You're bangin'.
Uh-huh.
I'm thinking of signing up
to do this thing.
What thing?
Oh. just a gym program thing.
So that's what all this. uh.
diet pill bullshit is about?
That bouncy-haired trainer.
Alana?
Alanya.
Huh.
Have you
figured it out yet?
Getting there.
Not that.
Have you figured out
whether you want to be with her
or just be her?
Come on!
Let's go.
My stomach is eating itself.
Huh. High sodium.
high potassium.
It's mostly calcium phosphate.
What?
I think it's ash.
Human ash.
Melissa's probably eating
someone's grandpa.
Oh. Eww! Wait.
Are you gonna report her?
It's just the sodium content
alone should make you hungrier.
If anything. a lack of phosphate
would be more likely
to cause weight loss.
OK. but. I mean.
if you can't make it. who cares?
Huh.
Not too deep. Make sure
not to puncture her lungs.
It's too weird to think of her
as a real person.
We could name her.
like the other groups did.
That's it. Well done.
Hey. guys. Big Bertha.
Ugh!
Maybe her family
will show up
when we do that
memorial service.
Nah. Big Bertha's
definitely unclaimed.
They'll be rolling her out
for years.
And why would you
assume that?
Well. look at her.
You're a dick.
Great.
Alright. Ready?
Three. two. one.
Smile!
Last thing for today.
Come on. Finish strong.
Good job.
everyone. Great work.
Have a sip of water.
Stretch it out.
Nice one. Hana.
Come on. One more.
For me.
There we go.
OK.
drive those knees out.
Flatten the back.
Sink deeper.
Hana. your progress is...
I'm impressed with you.
You should be really proud
of yourself.
Would you mind
if I made a post about this?
-OK.
-Yeah?
-Let's take a photo.
-OK.
Smile!
Bertha?
Mom!
This place
is a mess. Hana.
You'll get roaches.
I wish you would tell me
if you were coming to visit.
How can I tell you if you're
not answering my calls?
Um. you don't have to do that.
Are you going somewhere?
I booked it.
You're going.
Tonight?
What? Hana-chan. you were
the one who told me I should go.
No. no. I'm...I'm happy for you.
I just thought you...
You said
Dad couldn't be left alone.
I can't help him. Hana.
You don't know
how hard it is for me.
I've been waiting to see
Iguaçú Falls for 25 years.
OK. OK. But then...
You'll check on him. won't you?
Yeah.
Yeah. of course.
Once a week?
You know your father won't.
We don't want to attract
any hungry ghosts.
Uhh.
-Ah. Hana-chan.
-Hmm?
You are looking...
Hey. Dad. It's me.
Mom just came by
on the way to the airport.
Um. do you think it might be
a good idea to maybe just...
Your voicemail
has been sent.
OK.
Acetylcholine synthesised by
choline and acetyl-coenzyme...
Acetylcholine
synthesised by choline
and acetyl-coenzyme...
Acetylcholine
synthesised by choline
and acetyl-coenzyme...
Acetylcholine
synthesised by choline...
Serotonin needs tryptophan
hydroxylase and decarboxylase.
Serotonin needs...
GABA. y-aminobutyric acid...
..acid synthesised
from glutamate
and pyridoxal phosphate.
Acetylcholine
synthesised by choline
and acetyl-coenzyme...
Acetylcholine
synthesised by choline
and acetyl-coenzyme...
Synthesised by choline...
Twist your hips.
OK. Left. right. hook.
Sorry.
Dopamine synthesised...
That's it. Push. Push!
Ohh.
OK. show me that hook again.
Again.
OK. last one. Hana.
Argh!
Come on. Hana.
-Up! Up!
-Ahh!
Nice.
-Ohh.
-Amazing.
Ohhh.
Alright.
Really nice. everyone.
Uh. let's warm up
with 1K on the rowers.
-Can I chat to you for a sec?
-Yeah.
Hm.
Hana. I'll be honest. I. uh...
..I'm a little concerned.
The rate that you're losing...
Have you been following
the diet guidelines?
I'm following the guidelines.
H-how closely?
You haven't been
skipping meals or anything?
Uh. do you want
an adherence percentage?
I have a duty of care
to everyone in the group.
You know that. right?
Yeah. I'm...I'm sorry. I...
Whatever you're doing. whatever
shortcut you think you found.
I promise you it is a bad path.
-I'm not doing anything.
-Hana...
-I'm not doing anything. I...
-That's bullshit.
Do you even realise the damage
you could be doing to yourself?
All that I've done is exactly
what you've asked me to do.
That is it.
I...I've been killing myself
for weeks
because I thought
that you would be...
Hana. I'm not trying
to make you feel bad.
Yeah.
Talk to me. You...
You thought I'd be what?
Impressed.
Or something.
Uh...
OK. should we. um...
Should we join the others?
Coming?
I need to...tie my shoes.
Alright. uh. once you're
done with your warm-up...
Fuck it!
Mmmm.
Fat camp going well?
I quit.
Why?
Whoa!
Liver cancer?
Must be.
Looks fucking cool.
Professor.
can you come look at this?
Wow.
Pretty advanced.
See here?
It metastasised to
the abdominal wall as well.
Terrible way to go.
Tadaima!
Hello?
Hi.
-Thanks.
-No worries.
Uh...
Grab yourself a plate.
Actually. I can't stay.
After bench press.
into barbell squats.
Then one minute on the rower.
Then we'll be doing everybody's
favourite -treadmill sprints.
Moving into boxing pad workout
and. uh. then we'll be finishing
up with some shadow boxing.
Any questions?
Let's get into it.
-Hey. ALANYA.
-Yes?
Hey.
Heading home?
Yep.
Uh...sorry.
It's OK.
No. really.
About the other day. I...
..I wasn't trying to be harsh.
but I know I came on too strong.
Well. at least
you weren't the only one.
Anyway. I. uh...
..I have this bad habit
of telling other people
how to live their lives.
But it's meant with love.
-You have bad habits?
-Mmm.
Hmm. You know.
I feel a little betrayed.
Wild. right?
Yeah.
I'll just get this.
See you tomorrow?
These guys
absolutely smashed it today.
Give yourselves a round
of applause. Whoo!
See you tomorrow.
Hm.
Ow! Stop!
Ugh.
I'm so happy
for you. Hana.
Does this mean
you got your hands on some Gray?
Ash.
You know that's what it is.
right?
Human ash.
What?
Mel. who were you buying
the pills from?
What do you mean 'human ash'?
I tested it.
Did you notice
any other side effects
like. um. nightmares.
weird visuals?
I guess...technically.
blackouts.
Blackouts?
Nup.
Uh. nightmares.
Uh...well. sometimes I'd wake up
in the middle of the night
feeling really anxious.
Like...
Like someone was watching me.
I've had a similar feeling.
One time. I was in bed and...
..I heard someone
whistling in the hallway.
Like. this old-timey tune
and I thought
it was my housemate.
but I got up to check
and she wasn't home.
Spooky.
But I haven't had it
since I stopped taking the Gray.
Not at all?
Maybe you should go
get yourself checked.
Huh.
But. honestly. you look amazing.
It's kind of worth it. right?
I wouldn't recommend it.
Why is that?
Well. you see these
smooth ridges here?
The tumour in your pancreas
is benign and small.
It's an unnecessary risk.
What about the other symptoms?
The...the sleepwalking?
Well. I can see here
that the results of your
sleep test were inconclusive.
I think we need to factor in
other causes.
Diet. fatigue.
Drugs and alcohol?
I remember how much pressure
I was under in med school.
On the oncology side.
my recommended course
of action is...
Watchful waiting.
OK. ready?
Three. two. one. Smile!
And rest.
And sprint!
What are you doing?
Can someone take over?
Whoa. Whoa. Are you OK?
Hey.
Oh. yeah. No. I'm fine.
I just... I just need a minute.
Jesus.
Come on.
Where are we going?
Have you eaten anything today?
I am fine.
Just I'm...I'm having
a bad reaction.
To what?
Hana. please tell me
you aren't actually
taking those diet pills.
You really.
really can't
lecture me on pills.
You look sick. Hana.
This is just like those
scam-tastic cleanses
that we used to make fun of.
but worse. way worse.
It's not a bad thing for me
to want to change myself
for the better.
-It's my body.
-It is.
It is your body. yeah.
But do you really think
that you're gonna
magically feel better
when you reach a certain number
on the scale?
Because if so.
you're fucking deluded. Hana.
I know you wish I
were fat and miserable forever.
Oh my God. you use the word
'fat' like it is a dirty word.
OK. that is the whole problem.
Hana. if you don't stop
punishing yourself.
you're gonna destroy
everything good in your life.
Hi.
Hey.
Come in.
You OK?
Yeah. Yeah. of course.
You just seem a bit off.
I think 'off' might be
my equilibrium state.
Um. have a seat.
And. uh. oh. you don't have to
indulge me. by the way.
We can go out.
Oh. no.
This is great.
Hmm.
Thanks.
Yeah.
I promise to keep my hands
to myself this time.
I mean...
..are we committed to that plan
or...
..is there some latitude?
Mmm.
Oh.
Do you mind
if we turn off the lights?
Yeah. Of course.
OK.
Yeah.
I had a friend stay over.
I'm just trying to find her.
Hana?
I am so sorry.
Uh...it's fine. it's fine.
Um. are you OK?
Um...
Uh. leave it. leave it.
I can do that.
What the fuck?
Really?
Wait. Hana!
Kimie?
Dad?
Hana?
Uh-huh.
Everything OK?
Everything's fine.
I just felt like a little trip.
Hana?
Can you open the door. please?
Answer me. Hana.
What was that?
What the hell's going on
in there?
What's going on?
Open this door!
Hana!
I said
open this door. Hana!
Open it right now.
Hana. what's going on?!
Open this door.
Dad. would you just fuck off?!
I'm not a child.
I know how to clean up
some glass. for fuck's sake!
Is this what you wanted?
No.
No. no. no. no. no. Not again.
Not again!
Ohh.
Are you OK?
Oh. I'm fine.
I just. um...
My...pen.
Thank you.
Ohh.
Dare I ask you about the glass?
What is this?
It's pancakes.
What for?
I made you breakfast.
Aren't you feeding yourself?
I didn't even know
you could cook.
Huh!
What. you think I can
synthesise complex compounds
and I can't...
..can't follow a simple recipe?
That just
makes it worse.
Are we fighting?
Hey. you've got to tell me
if we're fighting.
otherwise I just look foolish.
It's only a meal. Hana.
and it's getting cold.
It's never just a meal.
Not with either of you.
Not ever.
Well. don't eat it. then.
What does it matter?
It matters!
You always pretend
like it's nothing.
But it has always mattered!
I understand if you don't care
about yourself that much. fine.
But why did you have to care
so little about us?
Your mother is the one
who's left.
You left us a long time ago!
-I'm still here.
-Until when?
Until when?
You can't sit by yourself
like this in the dark forever.
I'm not gonna sit with you here
until the end.
Hey.
You can say it.
Just...just say it.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
I am sorry.
And you were right.
I need help.
I am losing weight way too fast.
Jesus. Hana.
I told you not to take
Melissa's pills.
They're not Melissa's pills.
Uh...I actually made them
myself.
What do you mean...
..you made them?
Like. you stole an urn
or something?
Oh. Hana.
Please tell me
you have not been...
..eating all the cadavers.
-One...
-Oh...
-..cadaver.
-..my God.
Ours.
Bertha.
What the fuck?
How?
I know.
Do you. though?
Because you ate a person! I...
That is beyond fucked up.
I know.
What you said about me
the other day. it...it is true.
I am fucked up.
Sometimes I-I feel like
there is this. like.
bottomless pit inside of me
and everything just keeps
getting sucked into it.
And then...then I thought that
if I-I changed myself.
then it'll go away.
But it just got worse.
And now I think
I'm really in trouble.
You did fuck up.
Yeah.
-Like. catastrophically.
-Yeah.
But you're not fucked-up.
-Uh...
-There's a difference.
But you stopped taking them.
right?
-The pills?
-Yeah.
Um...there is one more thing.
Bertha...
..has latched on to me...
..spiritually.
Spiritually?
I can prove this to you. OK?
Yeah.
Uh. look into this.
I just have to do this.
Just take a look
into the reflection
and tell me what you see.
Hmm.
I see myself.
Try looking around the room.
OK. Hana.
Seriously. what are you doing?
I'm measuring my blood sugar.
I have this theory
that she comes
whenever my glucose levels
drop below 6 millimoles.
I've been microdosing on these
to keep my blood sugar up.
Just keep looking.
W--
At what?!
'Cause all I can see is my face
looking a bit freaked out.
frankly.
Look...at...the spoons!
There is nothing.
There is nothing. Hana.
There.
What...?
There!
You can't see that?
Hana...
She is right there!
OK. OK. but...but listen.
Because you are seeing something
that I can't see.
Hana...
I think that we should
speak to the school psych.
I mean. they...they're
used to seeing students...
Oh! Thank God!
Thank God? The fuck was that?!
Oh!
Eat the bears!
Eat the gummy bears!
She's gone for now.
OK.
So I've been keeping track
and there is
a direct correlation.
The more calories I consume.
the more weight I lose
and the larger she gets.
It's like she's
devouring me from the inside.
I talked to Mel.
She said that she felt
a presence at times.
but it was nothing like this.
And everything stopped when
she quit taking the pills.
Well. then what makes
Bertha different?
What does she want?
Uh. Professor?
I. um...
..had a question...for you...
..um. ab...about. uh. the...
We were inseparable
as teens.
And she was the kind of sister
who'd buy you booze.
you know. show you how to
shove a tampon up your vag.
Yeah.
She worked in disability.
That was good for a bit.
And then. um. the diagnosis.
Yeah. we saw.
In her liver.
Yeah.
It started small.
Just a tiny speck
on her pancreas.
Grace spent her whole life
taking care of other people.
but she wasn't really up for
taking care of herself.
you know?
I think she carried
a lot of pain.
And eating had always been
her way of coping.
But it got really bad.
Then she stopped
seeing everyone.
I don't think Grace ever
made peace with herself.
She was...so good.
And she never saw it.
And I couldn't help her.
You can't...love someone
into getting better.
Are you OK?
I think I understand
why she latched on to me.
And I need to return
everything I took from her.
What...
I have to head home for her ash.
uh. but could you pick up
a few things for me?
I'll text you a list?
Hana. wait.
Mom?
Hana!
You scared me.
What's happened?
Oh.
You're here.
Of course I'm here.
I sent you my flight details.
I just... I didn't...I didn't
think you were coming back.
You are being silly.
What about Dad?
He called just before.
We'll see.
Hana...
You're so skinny.
Are you OK?
Yeah. I'm fine.
You're not fine.
Is it the stress?
I told you not to study
too hard. Hana.
You always overdo it.
What are you looking for?
Did you...
Did you go through my stuff?
Hana. maybe we need to
put school on hold for a bit.
I asked you not to clean
when I am not here.
You need to come home and rest.
I've never seen you so thin!
Oh my God. Mom!
But that's what
you always wanted!
Of course not. Hana.
You look like
a different person.
No.
No. no. no. no. no.
no. no. no. no. no!
-What did you do with it?
-What?
The...the powder
that was in the Tupperware.
-The dust?
-Yeah.
I threw it out.
-It was filthy.
-Oh!
I needed that!
I was just trying to
help you. Hana.
Where are you going?
Hana?
Ohh.
What are you doing. Hana?
Oh. Goddammit.
Stop. What's going on?
Hmm!
Mmm.
Hana. stop!
Why didn't you tell me
about this?
Is this bad?
Is this why you've lost
so much weight?
-Are you dying?
-No! No. no. no. no.
Just look at
the smooth borders. Mom.
It's benign
soft tissue. see?
Ah! Someone's at the door.
Mom! Wait. Don't!
Ohh.
Oh!
OK.
Ohh!
Oh!
Hey!
You're pathetic!
No-one loves you!
Oh!
Ow!
Argh!
Oh!
Ahhh!
Hana!
Not on the floor!
No. Stay in there. I have to go.
And don't clean!
Ohh.
Uh. just charge me whatever
for...that.
Josie. hi.
Have you got any more
of that ketamine?
Alright.
you want to fill me in?
Because I figured the ket
wasn't for celebrating.
I think I figured it out.
Where the hell
did you get that. Hana?
Hana!
I just need you to
trust me. Jose.
Can I see your phone?
Fine.
Here.
Uh. what?
What the fuck are you doing?
I'm so sorry. Just trust me.
OK?
Let me in!
Oh my gosh. Wait.
Are you already high?
Hana? Wait... Hana?
Hana. that is way too much.
I only need 20 minutes.
tops.
For what?
Hana. 20 minutes for what?
I have a theory.
I told you it was a dead end.
But when I got the test done.
they found a growth
on my pancreas
in the exact same spot
as Bertha's.
What if the ash
is what caused the tumour
and I need to remove the growth
to break the connection?
Well. that is not a theory.
Uh. that is...
..like far-fetched speculation
at best. Hana.
Please think
about this clearly. OK?
You can't just...
..cut yourself open.
Elective surgery
would be months away.
There's no way
that I can last that long.
Hana...
Hana. no!
No! This is...
This is not cool!
OK? You cannot put this on me.
I swear I will make you pay
for. like.
20 years' worth of therapy!
Fucking decades of it. Hana!
Look. I'll...I'll do
all the work.
All you have to do is make sure
that I don't bleed out after.
What? Hana...
Hana!
Hana...
Hana? What are you doing?
Lowering my blood sugar.
What?
Argh!
Oh!
Ohh.
Hey!
God. you stupid. fucking idiot.
What the hell were you thinking?
Hey! Hey. Hey. Hey.
I'm gonna get you out of here.
I told you to wear
the other shirt.
This one gets wrinkled
so easily.
You said this one
brings out my eyes. though.
I never said that.
You didn't?
Must've been my other wife.
You are ridiculous.
Hana!
You are going to be late!
Today. we gather
to honour the silent teachers
who have profoundly shaped our
understanding of the human body
and the art of medicine.
Each donor was a person
with dreams. fears
and stories of their own.
We do not know all the details
of their lives.
but we do know this.
In their final act.
they chose to
become our teachers.
They chose to leave a legacy
of learning.
compassion and healing.
To the families of our donors
here with us today...
Hey.
Hi.
Come on in.
What's all this?
Oh. these are for you
to replace what I...
..last time.
-You really didn't have to.
-Right. Sorry.
Um...I couldn't remember
everything you had.
so I just went off of
the program list.
But. um. if there's anything
missing. I can just...
-Hana. I don't need groceries.
-Sorry.
You said.
I'm sorry for disappearing.
I was a little screwy.
evidently.
But I really am trying.
What were you doing
at the gym before exams?
I wasn't at the gym.
I saw you go into
the locker room.
I called you. like. right after.
I should probably
leave you to it.
Hana...come on.
I want to understand.
You're wonderful.
Adorable.
Clever.
Completely amazing.
What's wrong?